As you can see I've added a few extra things to the scene.
Let's go ahead and run the game and take a look around.
Let me turn the ceiling back on over here under the inspector and then I'll hit play.
And here we are in the room.
Now you can see I've added this weight bench as well as a few boxes around the room here.
I've also done a little bit of work over in the kitchen right here.
And see I've added a stove a toaster a light fixture things like that.
There's still more to do of course.
I want this kitchen to be kind of cluttered and and messy but I wanted to talk a minute about the differences
between this weight bench here and the sink that I've created for the bathroom in here.
And the main difference is is that this object has only one material coming from Blender.
And this object the sink has multiple materials.
I just wanted to compare and contrast these two.
Let's go back to Blender here and blender you can see when I've got Virtex paint mode on you can see
the different colors I've assigned to the different parts of the weight bench.
And if you look over here under the materials panel you can see it only has one material.
And what that means is I only have to drag in the albedo the normal map and the metallic roughness map
into just one material.
If I have broken this up into multiple materials I'd have to drag the albedo and the normal map into
each and every material and that can get tedious after a while.
So if you have something like quick soul or substance painter it can really speed up the work flow.
If you're just giving the object one material and then you're breaking it up by Virtex ID.
So let's go over to substance painter and take a look at it there.
Here in substance painter you can see that right over here under the texture set.
I've only got one material the weight bench material from blender but because I gave it multiple Virtex
paint colors I can for every group I have here I can choose a color here under pick color and choose
which color I want to delineate which material.
And here in substance painter I can give a different material type to each of the different objects.
Now if we take a look at the sink let me open that up you can see over here that I used multiple materials
for the sink basin the sink drain the faucet the legs and I'm not using the color picker here and this
is fine.
This is a completely valid way of doing things.
And in fact if you're just using blender and a paint program like Photoshop or GIMP this is really the
way you're going to need to do it because those materials are needed within unity to differentiate the
different parts of the model so you can see here I've got the sink basin the sink drain the sink faucet
and the legs all different materials with a U-V map assigned just to that material.
So when we bring it into unity let's go back to unity.
Let me turn off this ceiling for a minute and select just the sink.
I've got the whole bathroom as one unit.
Let me show you.
I just I created the whole bathroom area as one unit.
It's multiple objects but I brought it in from blender as a single FDX and therefore it comes in as
one unit here in the hierarchy.
I can scroll down and then select individual pieces so you can see the sink basin here.
Here it is.
And the sink faucet the drain etc are all individual not only individual materials I should point out
but also individual objects.
So like the legs here are their own object.
So within each of these materials for the objects I've had to drag in the albedo the metallic and the
normal into each one of these and it's not bad it's just that it takes a little longer.
So something to think about as you set up your production pipeline and begin to think about the most
efficient way to create and export your assets.